binary search -
Find duplictes in an array -
Reverse an array -
remove duplicates from an array -
given a string reverse each word in the sentence -
return true if given strings are anagrams -
find factorial of a given number -
program to determine leap yr -
check if the number is palindrome -
Generate all the prime numbers between one & the given number -
Print the Pyramid of stars using nested for loops -
Print Reversed pyramid on programming console using for loops & decrement operator -
union and find -
Write a program to Swap the values given by the user without using the third variable -
Write a program to find whether given no. is Armstrong or not -
Write a program to generate the Harmonic Series -
Remove white spaces from the given string. (C/C++) -
Find all the permutations of the given string. (Python) -
How to Find 2’s Complement? -
How can a given string be reversed using recursion? -
How to remove Nth Node from the end of a linked list? -
How do you check if two strings are a rotation of each other? -
LL? -
How do you perform preorder traversal in a given binary tree? -
How do you perform an inorder traversal in a given binary tree? -
How do you perform an postorder traversal in a given binary tree? -
How are all leaves of a binary search tree printed? -
How to find all prime factors of a given number? -
How to print Floyd’s triangle? -
How to print Pascal’s triangle? (solution) -
How to calculate the square root of a given number? (solution) -
How to check if the given number is a prime number? (solution) -
How do you count a number of leaf nodes in a given binary tree? -
How would you go about mirroring a binary tree? -
Given a particular graph, check if path exits btw 2 nodes? -
How do you check if a string contains only digits? -
Replace a substring -
count the number of times a word occurs in a string. -
How do you count a number of vowels and consonants in a given string? -
Balanced Brackets
Binary addition
BFS
bin to dec 
dec to bin 
count set bits
DFS
Dijkstra 
Fibonacci 
GCD 
Heap sort 
Insertion sort 
longest common prefix 
longest common sequence DP 
Merge sort 
Permutation of strings 
Quick sort 
Sort a stack - recursion
Tree sort 
fractional knapsack 
knapsack 